packages/preset/README.md, before:

# @shadow-panda/preset

`Shadow Panda` is created based on [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/), tailored specifically for developers utilizing [Panda CSS](https://panda-css.com/) as an alternative to Tailwind CSS.

This package is a **preset** for [Panda CSS](https://panda-css.com/) that allows you to use the same components as [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/), but with [Panda CSS](https://panda-css.com/).

## Documentation

Visit our documentation: [https://shadow-panda.dev/](https://shadow-panda.dev/)

## Install

Install the preset and a utility package (used by most components) by running:

```bash
npm i -D @shadow-panda/preset
```

```bash
npm i @shadow-panda/style-context
```

Add the preset to your `panda.config.ts`

```ts
import { defineConfig } from '@pandacss/dev'

export default defineConfig({
  // Required: Add the preset to your config.
  presets: ['@shadow-panda/preset'],

  // Optional: Enable CSS reset
  preflight: true,

  // Use React
  jsxFramework: 'react',

  // Optional: Emit artifacts to `node_modules` as a package.
  // The copy-paste component examples use `@shadow-panda/styled-system` as the import path of the generated files.
  // If you choose not to use this option, you should rewrite your component imports as needed.
  // @see https://panda-css.com/docs/references/config#emitpackage
  emitPackage: true,
  outdir: '@shadow-panda/styled-system',

  // Other configurations and overrides...
})
```

Compile Panda CSS, copy [components](https://shadow-panda.dev/docs/overview/supported-components) and use it!

## Acknowledgement

A huge thanks to the creators of [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) for providing an excellent set of components and documentation.  
Most of the components and documentation were taken from [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/).

Also, a huge thanks to:

- [Panda CSS](https://panda-css.com/)
- [Radix UI](https://radix-ui.com/)

Commit message:

chore(aurorakit): Rename shadow-panda to aurorakit; Add acknowledgement to original

packages/preset/README.md, after:

# @aurorakit/preset

`Shadow Panda` is created based on [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/), tailored specifically for developers utilizing [Panda CSS](https://panda-css.com/) as an alternative to Tailwind CSS.

This package is a **preset** for [Panda CSS](https://panda-css.com/) that allows you to use the same components as [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/), but with [Panda CSS](https://panda-css.com/).

## Documentation

Visit our documentation: [https://aurorakit.saasblast.dev/](https://aurorakit.saasblast.dev/)

## Install

Install the preset and a utility package (used by most components) by running:

```bash
npm i -D @aurorakit/preset
```

```bash
npm i @aurorakit/style-context
```

Add the preset to your `panda.config.ts`

```ts
import { defineConfig } from '@pandacss/dev'

export default defineConfig({
  // Required: Add the preset to your config.
  presets: ['@aurorakit/preset'],

  // Optional: Enable CSS reset
  preflight: true,

  // Use React
  jsxFramework: 'react',

  // Optional: Emit artifacts to `node_modules` as a package.
  // The copy-paste component examples use `@aurorakit/styled-system` as the import path of the generated files.
  // If you choose not to use this option, you should rewrite your component imports as needed.
  // @see https://panda-css.com/docs/references/config#emitpackage
  emitPackage: true,
  outdir: '@aurorakit/styled-system',

  // Other configurations and overrides...
})
```

Compile Panda CSS, copy [components](https://aurorakit.saasblast.dev/docs/overview/supported-components) and use it!

## Acknowledgement

The biggest thanks is to nanopx and [shadow-panda](https://shadow-panda.dev) for 99% of this repository.
A huge thanks to the creators of [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) for providing an excellent set of components and documentation.  
Most of the components and documentation were taken from [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/).

Also, a huge thanks to:

- [Panda CSS](https://panda-css.com/)
- [Radix UI](https://radix-ui.com/)
